Bone armors based on model captures
0-0.011 (0.22)
    Armor: None (leather jacket, trenchcoat)
    Bullets: Handgun HP bullets, buckshot
0.05-0.075 (1-1.5)
    Armor: Class I armor, single kevlar vest.
    Bullets: FMJ handgun rounds (9x18, .45)
    Eco SSP, etc
0.1 (2)
    Armor: Class II armor, basic stalker suits
    Bullets: FMJ handgun rounds (7.62x25, 9x19)
    Protects completely against hollowpoint handgun rounds, buckshot
    Mitigates FMJ handgun rounds
0.15 (3) Class II+
    Armor: PS5s, SEVA suits, LCS, STS suits. Very common
    Heavier combat suits, PS5s, SEVA suits, protects against handgun rounds but not FMJ SR
0.2 (4) Class III
    Armor: Berill armor, provides some protection against FMJ rifle rounds, defeated by large rifle rounds/some AP pistol rounds
    Bullet: FMJ small rifle, AP pistol
0.25 (5)  Class IV
    Armor: SKAT9, strong to complete protection against FMJ rifle rounds
    Bullets: FMJ large rifle
0.3 (6) Class V
    Armor: Exosuits
    Bullets: AP small rifle
    Complete protection againsdt FMJ rifle rounds
0.45 (9, round down to 7) Class VI+
    Armor: Exoskeleton and Nosorog armor
    Bullets: AP large rifle rounds best, AP small rifle workable
    Should be killable with large rifle and AP small rifle, but at huge ammo cost. AP LR does full damage.

Bullet specific things:
Smallbore AP rounds do way less damage if they overpenetrate (use a custom val)
Large caliber rounds are pretty lethal regardless of how they hit, due to sheer force. Overpenetration should just be lethal regardless
Buckshot should do a lot of impact damage IF they aren't wearing hard armor (e.g. lots of impact damage to Class II+)
FMJ rounds do more consistent damage
AP rounds are denser, don't break apart 
Larger calibers do more catastrophic flesh damage, small rounds just punch nice clean holes
Buckshot should do strong ish impact damage and shred armor to an extent
Need to factor in distance more heavily

Generic damage formula

Take bone armor/ap and multiply by 20. Should get a number with a whole digit and a decimal portion. Round down to 7 for bone armor.
Bullets have a residual AP amount that is used for some calculations.
Compare the difference between AP and Bone:
4-7: Overpenetrate and lose damage
1-3: Bullet defeats armor, deal full damage
0. Match. Modify based on the fractional armor pen (lose up to 30% dmg)
-1-2: Armor slightly tougher - modify based on fractional armor pen (lose 40-80)
    - Practical example for the above. Say you have a bullet with 0.27 AP impacting armor with 0.25 bone armor.
    - After adjustments you have 5.4 AP and 5 bone armor.
    - Tiers match, and the fractional AP is 0.4. Damage will be reduced by (1-0.4) = 60% of 40%, or 24%.
    - Assume the fractional AP is instead 0.8. Damage loss will be (1-0.8) * 0.4 = 8%.
    - This system mimics some power loss from the bullet needing to penetrate the plate.
-3-7: Deal only residual impact damage (starting at 10%, working down)

AP scale generally increases with enemy tankiness. In vanilla it is used to reduce the overkill multiplier of AP. The lower it is, the more affected by AP enemies are.
Hit fraction is the minimum % of damage a bullet does vs a given NPC. Assuming two infinite armor NPCs A with hit fraction 0.2 and B with hit fraction 0.5, if they are both shot by bullets with damage 1 A will take 5 hits to kill and B will take 2. Generally the beefier the dude the lower this is, and the less damage they take
